chore: add 14.3.1 changelog (#6153)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/app/references/changelog.mdx

# Changelog

## 14.3.1

_Released 4/17/2025_

**Performance:**

- Reduced the initial timeout for the preflight API request to determine proxy conditions from sixty seconds to five, and made this timeout duration configurable with the `CYPRESS_INITIAL_PREFLIGHT_TIMEOUT` environment variable. Addresses [#28423](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28423). Addressed in [#31283](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/31283).

**Bugfixes:**

> - The [`cy.press()`](http://on.cypress.io/api/press) command no longer errors when used in specs subsequent to the first spec in run mode. Fixes [#31466](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/31466).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [`cy.press()`](/api/commands/press) command no longer errors when used in specs subsequent to the first spec in run mode. Fixes [#31466](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/31466).
```

As in line 36
